Dear author,

Your submission

 JSS 2717

has just finished the post-processing stage. In order to continue in the
process there are a few changes that need to be made. Attached to this email
is a comments file where you can find all the necessary changes.

Please upload the full sources for your submission as a single .zip (or
.tar.gz) to http://www.jstatsoft.org/author/submissionReview/XXXX. It should
contain:

(1) The full sources of the latest version of the software. (Binary versions
can be provided in addition.) 

(2) The .tex, .bib, and final .pdf for the manuscript. Please name all files
jssXXXX.tex, jssXXXX.bib, jssXXXX.pdf, and so on, where XXXX is the number
that has been assigned to your manuscript in the review process.  Also
include all graphics in a Figures/ directory, uploaded as a compressed .zip
or .tar.gz file.

(3) Information on how to replicate the examples in the manuscript.
(Typically, this is a self-contained standalone script file that
loads/calls/sources the software package from (1). If data or other external
files are needed, that are not yet provided with the software package,
include these as well.)  Please use subdirectories for Figures/ and Code/,
and upload these subdirectories as a single .zip or .tar.gz file.  All
scripts should be in the subdirectory Code/, and all figures produced by the
scripts, if they are written to file, should be written to Figures/.  Please
make sure only necessary files are included.  That is, please do not include
.aux, .log, etc. files and any unused files such as jss.cls, jss.bst,
jsslogo.jpg, etc.

Note for R authors: If you have prepared your manuscript using Sweave, the
files for replication of the examples in (3) can be produced by Sweave.  The
files for the Code/ directory can be produced by Tangle (possibly enhancing
the comments). Also indicate in your submission that Sweave was used and the
technical editor will provide you with further Sweave-specific information.
Thanks for choosing JSS and contributing to free statistical software.

Best regards,

Achim ZeileisBettina GrÃ¼nEdzer Pebesma


JSS 2717: Michael Braun

sparseHessianFD: An R Package for Estimating Sparse Hessian Matrices
---------------------------------------------------------
For further instructions on JSS style requirements please see the Style Files (in particular section 2.1 Style Checklist of jss.pdf) and FAQ at http://www.jstatsoft.org/about/submissions.

For further examples please see RECENT JSS papers.
---------------------------------------------------------

Manuscript style comments:

o For the code layout in R publications, we typically distinguish input/output using Sinput/Soutput (or equivalently CodeInput/CodeOutput). Unless there are special reasons to format it differently, the input should use the text width (up to 76 or 77 characters) and be indented by two spaces, e.g.,

begin{Sinput}
R> example_model <- lm(response ~ variable1 + variable2 + variable3, 
+    weights = w, data = mydata)
\end{Sinput}

o Code should have enough spaces to facilitate reading.  Please include spaces before and after operators and after commas (unless spaces have syntactical meaning).

o All table row/column headers should also be in sentence style. There should not be further footnote-style annotations in tables; these should all be placed in the caption.

o As a reminder, please make sure that:
	- \proglang, \pkg and \code have been used for highlighting throughout the paper (including titles and references), except where explicitly escaped.

o As a reminder,
	- Please make sure that all software packages are \cite{}'d properly.

	- All references should be in title style.

	- See FAQ for specific reference instructions.

Code:

o As a reminder, please make sure that the files needed to replicate all code/examples within the manuscript are included in a standalone replication script.
